README.md, before:

# About
Some valuable computing tricks.

Tricks are organize by theme and store as plain text format. To browse
and take all the power of these notes, I use 
[org mode](https://orgmode.org/) inside
[emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/). But if you prefer you
can export those notes you can export them either as pdf or html
document.

# Cover themes
Up until now I've started to cover part of the following themes:

1. Emacs key bindings, see: 
   [emacs key bindings](org/emacs-key-bindings.org),
2. Git, see: 
   [git](org/git.org),
3. Linux key bindings, see: 
   [linux key bindings](org/linux-key-bindings.org),


# Motivation 
* **Fact 1**: "I can't remember everything".
* **Fact 2**: "When you are working in an computer environment that use a
   lot of softwares that provide the rights stuff you need to perform
   your own given tasks, you need some reminder to do the tasks
   effectively."
* **Fact 3**: "You have to concentrate on getting things done, not how
      things are done."
* **Fact 4**: "Improve any kind of performance comes from every little
   things you do everyday."

# Contact

Do you have any question or suggestion? Please, feel free to:
* leave me a message on twitter <a
href="http://www.twitter.com/tonyaldon">@tonyaldon</a> 
* or to email me at aldon.tony@gmail.com. 

I use to reply within 48 hours.

# License
Project under MIT license

**Remember the right things, reminder the others. Have a better life.**

Commit message:

Bump Tricks version to v1.0.0
* README.md:  Update.  Fix typos.  Add links.
* org/tricks.org:  New file.  Set sections (emacs, frontend,
git, linux, mysql, video)
* org/emacs-key-bindings.org:
* org/linux-key-bindings.org:
Remove files.

README.md, after:

# About
Some valuable computing tricks.

Tricks are organize by theme and store as plain text format. To browse
and take all the power of these notes, I use 
[org mode](https://orgmode.org/) inside
[emacs](https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/). But if you prefer you
can export these notes either as pdf or html document.

# Covered themes
[tricks](org/tricks.org) is the main entry for all my computing
tricks. Here you have the only truth of my computing notes. By type on
the heading, you enter on the differents themes. 

Up until now I've started to cover part of the following themes:

1. emacs, see [emacs](org/emacs.org),
2. frontend, see [frontend](org/frontend.org),
3. git, see [git](org/git.org),
4. linux, see [linux](org/linux.org),
5. mysql, see [mysql](org/mysql.org),
6. video, see [video](org/video.org),

# Motivation 
* **Fact 1**: "I can't remember everything".
* **Fact 2**: "When you are working in an computer environment that use a
   lot of softwares that provide the rights stuff you need to perform
   your own given tasks, you need some reminder to do the tasks
   effectively."
* **Fact 3**: "You have to concentrate on getting things done, not how
      things are done."
* **Fact 4**: "Improve any kind of performance comes from every little
   things you do everyday."

# Contact

Do you have any question or suggestion? Please, feel free to:
* leave me a message on twitter <a
href="http://www.twitter.com/tonyaldon">@tonyaldon</a> 
* or to email me at aldon.tony@gmail.com. 

I use to reply within 48 hours.

# License
Project under MIT license

**Remember the right things, reminder the others. Have a better life.**
